If recycling is such a good idea why doesn't it pay its way? Are we producing increasing numbers of Kiwis who don't actually want to work? Try relying on facts, not dishonest ideologically driven bollocks. Another dramatic myth might have been busted this week. It's never been a more dangerous and confusing time to believe every 'fact'. Economic realities is where James Shaw and his party let themselves down. Where's all the hysteria gone from giving away bottled water rights for free? NZ First proves good foil to Labour's delusional, inexperienced policy ideas. We've got hopelessly carried away with the concept of a woman having a baby. Green MP makes a sensible decision - and now party supporters are up in arms. Time for Govt to admit it's bad policy and the facts don't stack up. Greens co-leader James Shaw means well but this zero carbon stuff is nonsense. Govt has bit the bullet and put a shed load of dough behind eradication. Travellers arrive in NZ to an airport that's an aviation version of a long drop. The 90-day trial period has been an unqualified success and created jobs. The danger for nurses is that they will burn goodwill. Next Saturday's result is more interesting than we might have imagined. If we see high-income earners as sob stories then we've lost touch with reality. How in 2018 can you single out a race and offer them something no one else gets. When people believe $100k+ is not enough we have lost connection to reality. The new glamour couple are undeniably good for business. The only sad note is the revengeful actions of Meghan Markle's relatives. The reality is it's very hard for a government to manipulate the housing market. No one does pomp and splendour as well as Britain and a Royal wedding. It's not the first time NZ growers have struggled to find workers. All eyes will be on the surplus and the future projections. Is teaching Level 3 Calculus harder than painting pictures with a 3 year old? This move to ban just about everything needs to stop, it's out of control. Petrol, banks, insurance - which industry is next in the firing line? We can't afford doctor subsidies but we have nearly $1b for diplomacy. Peace has been toasted in Korea and there is one man who should get credit. Te Red is enjoying a renaissance - so why make it compulsory in schools? WORLD's T-shirt labels aren't a good look, but is it really a scandal? Another 69,000 people have moved to NZ in the past year - and that's good news. How many Syrian children need to die before those pushing for diplomacy wake up? Andrew Little's plan has a major flaw - offenders will be able to harm community. Cold, hard reality is this is a cabinet made up of very inexperienced operators. BP isn't winning any friends with its pricing strategy but not much Govt can do. If you do something in the name of a god is it a crime or a heartfelt conviction? I know what it's like to be the victim of vicious, untrue rumours. Clarke Gayford needs to be the better person. Taranaki's mayor is right - Govt decision to halt new exploration hurts region. Spark's decision to buy the World Cup rights is brave for two main reasons. The fatal flaw in the Greens' carbon neutral plan is hiding in plain sight. National ended the election as the most popular party - and they still are. By the time neglected kids end up in prison it's too late for 'rehab'. TVNZ takes inevitable beating for Commonwealth Games cover. Linear TV is alive - and it's still pulling big audience numbers. The Greens seem to dream of compost, wheelbarrows, chook poo and quinoa. Ready to pay more for your coffee? Can you afford for cost of living to rise? Camp, bullying and RNZ headaches bad look so early in Govt. Business needs to be able to do business without fear of the government. This Government seems to hate cars and they hate people in cars. Driving 100km/h is not the issue. Target the issue. Don't punish the rest of us. Banned Aussie cricketers' lives are wrecked, their reputations shattered. The Waikato DHB-Nigel Murray fiasco lays bare the shambles of health system. By the very nature of mass unionism you're destined for smallest of pay rises. Aren't we really just creating new problems for another day? The only way to make people quit is to whack them with more tax and price rises. Govt must leave running a national airline to those who know what they are doing. Obama will showcase NZ's beauty - made possible by an American investor. Goings on at one of our biggest companies are leaving a sour taste. How many times will the Govt have to be told they're wrong before they realise. Stop pushing us to ride bikes and use public transport - driving suits us. If Labour can't run a youth camp how can they expect to run the country? Is Labour Party's defence butt-covering - or are they completely out to lunch? In a country of 4.5m people how on earth do we need 20 separate health boards? Tabloid news at its worst - masquerading under the blanket of a good cause. Housing affordability the way Labour is trying to achieve it can't be done. How much is too much money for the Pacific - and what return do we get?